Add ChainTrustValidationMode and CustomTrustStore properties to certauth.md (#31481)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/authentication/certauth.md

This check validates that only the appropriate certificate type is allowed. If the app is using self-signed certificates, this option needs to be set to `CertificateTypes.All` or `CertificateTypes.SelfSigned`.

### ChainTrustValidationMode

> Default value: `X509ChainTrustMode.System`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default value: [X509ChainTrustMode.System](xref:System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.X509ChainTrustMode.System)
```

> The certificate presented by the client must chain to a trusted root certificate. This check allows you to control which trust store contains these root certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The certificate presented by the client must chain to a trusted root certificate. This check controls which trust store contains these root certificates.
```

> By default, the handler uses the system trust store. If the presented client certificate needs to chain to a root certificate which doesn't appear in the system trust store, (such as in a cloud environment) this option needs to be set to `X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the handler uses the system trust store. If the presented client certificate needs to chain to a root certificate which doesn't appear in the system trust store, this option can be set to `X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust` to use the `CustomTrustStore` instead.
```

> By default, the handler uses the system trust store. If the presented client certificate needs to chain to a root certificate which doesn't appear in the system trust store, this option can be set to `X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust` to make the handler use the `CustomTrustStore` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the handler uses the system trust store. If the presented client certificate needs to chain to a root certificate which doesn't appear in the system trust store, this option can be set to [X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust](xref:System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust) to make the handler use the `CustomTrustStore` instead.
```

### CustomTrustStore

> Default value: Empty `X509Certificate2Collection`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Default value: Empty <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.X509Certificate2Collection>
```

> By default, the handler uses the system trust store. If the presented client certificate needs to chain to a root certificate which doesn't appear in the system trust store, this option can be set to [X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust](xref:System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust) to make the handler use the `CustomTrustStore` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the handler uses the system trust store. If the presented client certificate needs to chain to a root certificate which doesn't appear in the system trust store, this option can be set to [X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust](xref:System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust) to make the handler use the `CustomTrustStore`.
```

> If the handler's `ChainTrustValidationMode` property is set to `X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust`, this `X509Certificate2Collection` contains every certificate which will be used to validate the client certificate up to a trusted root (including the trusted root itself.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the handler's <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Certificate.CertificateAuthenticationOptions.ChainTrustValidationMode> property is set to `X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust`, this `X509Certificate2Collection` contains every certificate which will be used to validate the client certificate up to a trusted root (including the trusted root itself.)
```

> If the handler's <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Certificate.CertificateAuthenticationOptions.ChainTrustValidationMode> property is set to `X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust`, this <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.X509Certificate2Collection> contains every certificate which will be used to validate the client certificate up to a trusted root (including the trusted root itself.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the handler's <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.Certificate.CertificateAuthenticationOptions.ChainTrustValidationMode> property is set to `X509ChainTrustMode.CustomRootTrust`, this <xref:System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.X509Certificate2Collection> contains every certificate which will be used to validate the client certificate up to a trusted root, including the trusted root.
```
